## 0x01. AirBnB clone - Web static

**0. Inline styling** `[0-index.html]` >> HTML page that displays a header and a footer according to provided attribute values.
**1. Head styling** `[1-index.html]` >> HTML page that displays a header and a footer by using the style tag in the head tag, similar to 0-index.html
**2. CSS files** `[2-index.html, styles/2-common.css, styles/2-header.css, styles/2-footer.css]` >> HTML page that displays a header and a footer by using CSS files, similar to 1-index.html
**3. Zoning done!** `[3-index.html, styles/3-common.css, styles/3-header.css, styles/3-footer.css, images/]` >> HTML page that displays a header and footer by using CSS files, similar to 2-index.html and according to provided attribute values.
**4. Search!** `[4-index.html, styles/4-common.css, styles/3-header.css, styles/3-footer.css, styles/4-filters.css, images/]` >> HTML page that displays a header, footer and a filters box with a search button, based on 3-index.html and according to provided attribute values.
**5. More filters** `[5-index.html, styles/4-common.css, styles/3-header.css, styles/3-footer.css, styles/5-filters.css, images/]` >> HTML page that displays a header, footer and a filters box, based on 4-index.html and according to provided attribute values.
**6. It's (h)over** `[6-index.html, styles/4-common.css, styles/3-header.css, styles/3-footer.css, styles/6-filters.css, images/]` >> HTML page that displays a header, footer and a filters box with dropdown, based on 5-index.html and according to provided attribute values.
**7. Display results** `[7-index.html, styles/4-common.css, styles/3-header.css, styles/3-footer.css, styles/6-filters.css, styles/7-places.css, images/]` >> HTML page that displays a header, footer, a filters box with dropdown and results, based on 6-index.html and according to provided attribute values.
**8. More details** `[8-index.html, styles/4-common.css, styles/3-header.css, styles/3-footer.css, styles/6-filters.css, styles/8-places.css, images/]` >> HTML page that displays a header, a footer, a filter box (dropdown list) and the result of the search, based on 7-index.html and according to provided attribute values.
**9. Full details** `[100-index.html, styles/4-common.css, styles/3-header.css, styles/3-footer.css, styles/6-filters.css, styles/100-places.css, images/]` >> HTML page that displays a header, footer, a filters box with dropdown and results, based on 8-index.html and according to provided attribute values.
**10. Flex** `[101-index.html, styles/4-common.css, styles/3-header.css, styles/3-footer.css, styles/6-filters.css, styles/101-places.css, images/]` >> Improve the Places section by using [Flexible boxes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Basic_Concepts_of_Flexbox) for all Place articles. Helpful tool->[Flexbox Froggy](https://flexboxfroggy.com/)
**11. Responsive design** `[102-index.html, styles/102-common.css, styles/102-header.css, styles/102-footer.css, styles/102-filters.css, styles/102-places.css, images/]` >> Improve the page by adding [responsive design](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Responsive_Design) to display correctly in mobile or small screens.
**12. Accessibility** `[103-index.html, styles/103-common.css, styles/103-header.css, styles/103-footer.css, styles/103-filters.css, styles/103-places.css, images/]` >> Improve the page by adding [Accessibility support](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Accessibility)
